exif-images/README.md, before:

# Automatically Extract Images Metadata

This sample demonstrates how to automatically extract images metadata that are uploaded to Firebase Storage ImageMagick.


## Functions Code

See file [functions/index.js](functions/index.js) for the code.

The image metadata is provided using ImagMagick `identify` tool which is installed by default on all Cloud Functions instances. This is a CLI for which we use a NodeJS wrapper. The image is first downloaded locally from the Firebase Storage bucket to the `tmp` folder using the [google-cloud](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-node) SDK.

The dependencies are listed in [functions/package.json](functions/package.json).


## Trigger rules

The function triggers on upload of any file to your Firebase project default Cloud Storage bucket.


## Storage and Database Structure

Users upload an image to Firebase Storage to the path `/<timestamp>/<filename>` and in return the Function will write to the `/<timestamp>/<filename>` path in the database. The filename typically contains illegal characters for a Firebase Realtime Database keys (such as `.`) so we're replacing all these by the `*` character.

For example the metadata for the file at path `/1477402116302/mypic.jpg` will be written to the corresponding Database path `/1477402116302/mypic*jpg`


## Setting up the sample

This sample comes with a Function and web-based UI for testing the function. To configure it:

 - Create a Firebase project on the [Firebase Console](https://console.firebase.google.com)
 - Enable Anonymous sign in the Auth section
 - Import and configure Firebase in the `index.html` where the `TODO` is located


## Deploy and test

To test the sample:

 - Deploy your project using `firebase deploy`
 - Open the Deploy Web UI using `firebase open`, typically at the URL `https://<projectID>.firebaseapp.com`
 - Upload an image using the Web UI.
 - You should see the metadata displayed below after a bit.

Commit message:

Switched samples with a web component to use implicit Web init
Change-Id: I841ef7dc4b86292ecdbe3ebd9295eade84d15058

exif-images/README.md, after:

# Automatically Extract Images Metadata

This sample demonstrates how to automatically extract images metadata that are uploaded to Firebase Storage ImageMagick.


## Functions Code

See file [functions/index.js](functions/index.js) for the code.

The image metadata is provided using ImagMagick `identify` tool which is installed by default on all Cloud Functions instances. This is a CLI for which we use a NodeJS wrapper. The image is first downloaded locally from the Firebase Storage bucket to the `tmp` folder using the [google-cloud](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-node) SDK.

The dependencies are listed in [functions/package.json](functions/package.json).


## Trigger rules

The function triggers on upload of any file to your Firebase project default Cloud Storage bucket.


## Storage and Database Structure

Users upload an image to Firebase Storage to the path `/<timestamp>/<filename>` and in return the Function will write to the `/<timestamp>/<filename>` path in the database. The filename typically contains illegal characters for a Firebase Realtime Database keys (such as `.`) so we're replacing all these by the `*` character.

For example the metadata for the file at path `/1477402116302/mypic.jpg` will be written to the corresponding Database path `/1477402116302/mypic*jpg`


## Setting up the sample

This sample comes with a Function and web-based UI for testing the function. To configure it:

 1. Create a Firebase Project using the [Firebase Console](https://console.firebase.google.com).
 1. Enable the **Anonymous** sign-in in the **Auth** section.
 1. Clone or download this repo and open the `exif-image` directory.
 1. You must have the Firebase CLI installed. If you don't have it install it with `npm install -g firebase-tools` and then configure it with `firebase login`.
 1. Configure the CLI locally by using `firebase use --add` and select your project in the list.
 1. Install dependencies locally by running: `cd functions; npm install; cd -`


## Deploy and test

To test the sample:

 1. Deploy your project using `firebase deploy`
 1. Open the app using `firebase open hosting:site`, this will open a browser.
 1. Upload an image using the Web UI.
 1. You should see the metadata displayed below after a bit.
