quickstarts/big-ben/README.md, before:

# Firebase SDK for Cloud Functions Quickstart - HTTPS function with Firebase Hosting URL trigger

This quickstart demonstrates using the **Firebase SDK for Cloud Functions** with an HTTPS trigger that's triggered through a Firebase Hosting URL. The function will display a repeated number of "BONG" depending on the hour of the day.


## Introduction

The function `bigben` returns an HTML page that display a repeated number of "BONG" depending on the hour of the day.

Further reading:

 - [Read more about the Firebase SDK for Cloud Functions](https://firebase.google.com/docs/functions)


## Initial setup, build tools and dependencies

### 1. Clone this repo

Clone or download this repo and open the `quickstarts/big-ben` directory.


### 2. Create a Firebase project and configure the quickstart

Create a Firebase Project on the [Firebase Console](https://console.firebase.google.com).

Set up your Firebase project by running `firebase use --add`, select your Project ID and follow the instructions.


### 3. Install the Firebase CLI and enable Functions on your Firebase CLI

You need to have installed the Firebase CLI. If you haven't run:

```bash
npm install -g firebase-tools
```

> Doesn't work? You may need to [change npm permissions](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/fixing-npm-permissions).


## Deploy the app to prod

First you need to install the `npm` dependencies of the functions:

```bash
cd functions && npm install; cd ..
```

This installs locally the Firebase SDK and the Firebase Functions SDK.

Deploy to Firebase using the following command:

```bash
firebase deploy
```

This deploys and activates the `reverseString` Function.

> The first time you call `firebase deploy` on a new project with Functions will take longer than usual.


## Try the sample

After deploying the function you can open the following URL in your browser:

```
https://<your-project-id>.firebaseapp.com/bigben
```

A page containing a repeated number of "BONG" will be displayed.


## Contributing

We'd love that you contribute to the project. Before doing so please read our [Contributor guide](../../CONTRIBUTING.md).


## License

© Google, 2016. Licensed under an [Apache-2](../../LICENSE) license.

Commit message:

Added local testing instructions for HTTPS triggers with hosting integration.
Change-Id: I545cc1758d8205f891bd8d67885b6cf6f60fafe5

quickstarts/big-ben/README.md, after:

# Firebase SDK for Cloud Functions Quickstart - HTTPS function with Firebase Hosting URL trigger

This quickstart demonstrates using the **Firebase SDK for Cloud Functions** with an HTTPS trigger that's triggered through a Firebase Hosting URL. The function will display a repeated number of "BONG" depending on the hour of the day.


## Introduction

The function `bigben` returns an HTML page that display a repeated number of "BONG" depending on the hour of the day.

Further reading:

 - [Read more about the Firebase SDK for Cloud Functions](https://firebase.google.com/docs/functions)


## Initial setup, build tools and dependencies

### 1. Clone this repo

Clone or download this repo and open the `quickstarts/big-ben` directory.


### 2. Create a Firebase project and configure the quickstart

Create a Firebase Project on the [Firebase Console](https://console.firebase.google.com).

Set up your Firebase project by running `firebase use --add`, select your Project ID and follow the instructions.


### 3. Install the Firebase CLI and enable Functions on your Firebase CLI

You need to have installed the Firebase CLI. If you haven't run:

```bash
npm install -g firebase-tools
```

> Doesn't work? You may need to [change npm permissions](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/fixing-npm-permissions).

## Try the sample locally

Start serving your project locally using `firebase serve --only hosting,functions`

Open the app in a browser at `https://localhost:5000/bigben`.

A page containing a repeated number of "BONG" will be displayed.


## Deploy the app to prod

First you need to install the `npm` dependencies of the functions:

```bash
cd functions && npm install; cd ..
```

This installs locally the Firebase SDK and the Firebase Functions SDK.

Deploy to Firebase using the following command:

```bash
firebase deploy
```

This deploys and activates the `reverseString` Function.

> The first time you call `firebase deploy` on a new project with Functions will take longer than usual.


## Try the sample on prod

After deploying the function you can open the following URL in your browser:

```
https://<your-project-id>.firebaseapp.com/bigben
```

A page containing a repeated number of "BONG" will be displayed.


## Contributing

We'd love that you contribute to the project. Before doing so please read our [Contributor guide](../../CONTRIBUTING.md).


## License

© Google, 2016. Licensed under an [Apache-2](../../LICENSE) license.
