assistant-say-number/README.md, before:

# Google Assistant action that reads the ordinal of a number.

This sample shows how to create an action for the Google Home/Assistant using the Actions SDK hosted on Cloud Functions. The sample action asks users to say a number and reads out the ordinal of that number.
e.g. If the user says "Twelve" the action will say "The ordinal of twelve is twelfth".

Further reading:
 - Actions SDK: https://developers.google.com/actions/develop/sdk/getting-started#getting-started.
 - Firebase SDK: firebase.google.com/docs/functions

## Functions Code

See file [functions/index.js](functions/index.js) for the code.

Sending the notification is performed using the [request-promise-native](https://www.npmjs.com/package/request-promise-native) package to send a REST request to the FCM API. The Web client writes the individual device tokens to the realtime database which the Function uses to send the notification.

The dependencies are listed in [functions/package.json](functions/package.json).


## Deploy and test

To test this sample action:

 - Create a Firebase Project using the [Firebase Developer Console](https://console.firebase.google.com)
 - Configure this sample to use your project using `firebase --use add` and select your project.
 - Deploy your project using `firebase deploy`
 - In the `action.json` file, update the two `<YOUR_PROJECT_ID>` placeholders with your Firebase project ID. The URL should match the `Function URL (sayNumber):` that was printed out by `firebase deploy`.
 - [Download](https://developers.google.com/actions/tools/gactions-cli) the `gaction` CLI
 - Make your action available for testing using the `gactions preview action.json`
 - Test your Action on the [Google Home Web Simulator](https://g.co/actionswebsim) by saying "Talk to My Action"

Commit message:

Update to the actions sample readme.
Change-Id: I47d37bd57ac8d1fa8ddea0c33de17411df6d5ea6

assistant-say-number/README.md, after:

# Google Assistant action that reads the ordinal of a number.

This sample shows how to create an action for the Google Home/Assistant using the Actions SDK hosted on Cloud Functions. The sample action asks users to say a number and reads out the ordinal of that number.
e.g. If the user says "Twelve" the action will say "The ordinal of twelve is twelfth".

Further reading:
 - Actions SDK: https://developers.google.com/actions/develop/sdk/getting-started#getting-started.
 - Firebase SDK: firebase.google.com/docs/functions

## Functions Code

See file [functions/index.js](functions/index.js) for the code.

Handling the Google Actions requests is done using the [Google Actions SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/actions-on-google).

The dependencies are listed in [functions/package.json](functions/package.json).


## Deploy and test

To test this sample action:

 - Create a Firebase Project using the [Firebase Developer Console](https://console.firebase.google.com)
 - Configure this sample to use your project using `firebase --use add` and select your project.
 - Deploy your project using `firebase deploy`
 - In the `action.json` file, update the two `<YOUR_PROJECT_ID>` placeholders with your Firebase project ID. The URL should match the `Function URL (sayNumber):` that was printed out by `firebase deploy`.
 - [Download](https://developers.google.com/actions/tools/gactions-cli) the `gaction` CLI
 - Make your action available for testing using the `gactions preview action.json`
 - Test your Action on the [Google Home Web Simulator](https://g.co/actionswebsim) by saying "Talk to My Action"
