coupon-on-crash/README.md, before:

# Send a coupon via FCM when there is a crash

This sample shows how to send a coupon to your users if a crash has been detected though Firebase analytics.


## Functions Code

See file [functions/index.js](functions/index.js) for the trigger and the FCM code.

The function assumes that you are setting the Firebase Analytics User ID to be the same as the Firebase Auth uid using the setUserId API. Also it is assumed that the FCM Device Tokens need to be saved in the Firebase Realtime Database under `/users/$uid/tokens`.

The dependencies are listed in [functions/package.json](functions/package.json).


## Trigger rules

The function triggers on changes to `app_exception` Firebase Analytics events. For other automatically logged events see: https://support.google.com/firebase/answer/6317485


## Deploy and test

This sample can be tested on your Android and iOS app. To test it out:

 - Set the project to your Firebase project using `firebase use --add` then select your projec tin the list.
 - Deploy your project using `firebase deploy`
 - Make your app crash (somehow).
 - Within a few hours the coupon will be sent by an FCM notification.

Commit message:

Adding step to mark the event as Conversion event in Analytics samples Readme.
Change-Id: Iea4167a284047aa5a6ed504beb49c92c1160c3a1

coupon-on-crash/README.md, after:

# Send a coupon via FCM when there is a crash

This sample shows how to send a coupon to your users if a crash has been detected though Firebase analytics.


## Functions Code

See file [functions/index.js](functions/index.js) for the trigger and the FCM code.

The function assumes that you are setting the Firebase Analytics User ID to be the same as the Firebase Auth uid using the setUserId API. Also it is assumed that the FCM Device Tokens need to be saved in the Firebase Realtime Database under `/users/$uid/tokens`.

The dependencies are listed in [functions/package.json](functions/package.json).


## Trigger rules

The function triggers on changes to `app_exception` Firebase Analytics events. For other automatically logged events see: https://support.google.com/firebase/answer/6317485


## Deploy and test

This sample can be tested on your Android and iOS app. To test it out:

 - Make sure you set the `app_exception` events as being a **Conversion event** in your project. You can do this on the Analytics section > Events tab.
 - Set the project to your Firebase project using `firebase use --add` then select your projec tin the list.
 - Deploy your project using `firebase deploy`
 - Make your app crash (somehow).
 - Within a few hours the coupon will be sent by an FCM notification.
